release: 0.0.3 (#277)
axodotdev/oranda: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.0.3 - 2023-05-04

### Features

- **Individual Changelog pages: [shadows-withal]/[↬284]**
    
    When announcing a new release- it's often desirable to link to an individual
    release page that contains the changelog/release notes. Previously, we built
    a single page for all the releases- now we build individual pages as well.

    This is the first shipped feature from our new team member, Liv! Yay and 
    welcome :)

### Fixes

- **Improved configuration support for non-cargo dist users - [pomdtr]/[#262] , [ashleygwilliams]/[↬281]**

    Previously, setting `cargo-dist` as false, or omitting it should have been
    sufficient to stop oranda from attempting to parse your releases as
    cargo-dist artifacts, however `cargo-dist: false` did not work! How the
    entire artifacts config object is handled has been reworked and tested.

>     Addiitionally, work from a refactor has also made project with a mixture of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, work from a refactor has also made projects with a mixture of
```

    cargo-dist and non-cargo-dist releases work much better.

- **Installer header fallback when platform is not detected: [gankra]/[↬269]**

    When you use cargo-dist, we display a header on your index page that
    detects your user's platform and recommends and installer to them. We did
    not previously have a fallback if we detected a system that none of the
    installers supported. Now, in that scenario- we'll offer an artifact
    download as the header option.

- **Dev commands has proper default values: [ashleygwilliams]/[#256],[↬260]**

>     Due to a false hope that `#[derive(Default)]` would collect default from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Due to a false hope that `#[derive(Default)]` would collect defaults from 
```

>     the `clap` derive API, we shipped the `dev` command with null defaults.

Reviewer: I would reword the end of this, maybe "with no defaults".

Author: ah- so there are defaults ... like it "works" but if you derive default on a struct it functionally sets everything to the "null" option (0, none, etc)

Reviewer: hm, but then i struggle to see how this contributes to the end user experience here... i still think "null defaults" sounds kinda weird. is "nulled" a real word we can use here?

Reviewer: or actually maybe just put `null` in backticks so people know it's a computer sciencey term instead of the uh, number i guess

Reviewer: OH i guess that's why it's so weird to me - null means zero in german lol

Author: i can update this to be more specific!!

    `dev` now has the same defaults that `serve` does, as is to be expected.

- **Improved typogrphy and layout styles on mobile = [ashleygwilliams]/[#234], [SaraVieira]/[↬276]**

### Maintenance

- **Data fetching refactor: [ashleygwilliams]/[#226],[↬274]**
- **Update actions/checkout to v3: [ashleygwilliams]/[#251],[↬255]**

> [#209]: https://github.com/axodotdev/oranda/issues/209

Reviewer: (nag) why are some of these with the `#` symbol and some of them with the `↬` symbol?

Author: some are issues and some a PRs ;) - i do think because i wanna celebrate when an external contributor files a good issue

Reviewer: ah okay, fair enough, shakes fist at github for not differentiating there

Author: yeah usually i will write out issue or pr or something else but a previous colleague used the little arrow and i kinda liked it- it is true it's not exactly obvious tho
